Add key usage information to clarify the critical nature of the extension (#28627)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/pki/considerations.mdx

   for all purposes. Generally the default values are useful for client and
   server TLS authentication.

## Key Usage

The `key_usage` and `ext_key_usage` fields are used to limit the usage of the certificate
to specific purposes. For example, a certificate can be limited to only be used
for client authentication, server authentication, or code signing.
Vault implements [RFC #5280](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5280#section-4.2.1.3),

> which means that `key_usage` is marked as critical and cannot be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which means the generated key usage extension is marked as critical and cannot be ignored.
```
